SCRAM default password format (#2737)
esl/MongooseIM: doc/migrations/3.6.0_3.6.x.md

Before setting up this configuration, please make sure that the client application is capable of authenticating with a selected set of authentication mechanisms.
For more details please refer to the [authentication](../../Advanced-configuration#authentication) section.

### SCRAM password format

To complement the extensions of the authentication mechanisms, the SCRAM password format was also updated.
Please note that SCRAM is now the default password format.
While it is still possible to configure the password storage in plaintext format, we highly discourage doing so for security reasons.
Changing the default of this option can lead to unexpected behaviours, so if after the upgrade you encounter issues with authenticating the users, please check the conifg file.
If you are missing any of the following configuration lines:

`{password_format, scram}` or `{password_format, plain}`

it means that you were using the default plaintext format.

Since the default of the password format has changed, your MongooseIM server thinks that the plaintext passwords are stored as SCRAM hashes.
This can lead to users failing to authenticate.

> If you are still using plaintext password format, please consider migrating your password storage to store scram hashes instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are still using the plaintext password format, please consider migrating your password storage to store scram hashes instead.
```

> Using plaintext password format is still possible to continue support of legacy installations and for its ease to debug while developing new features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the plaintext password format is still possible to continue supporting legacy installations and to ease the debuging while developing new features.
```

?

> Should you want to continue using plaintext password format please add the following in the `auth_opts`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should you want to continue using the plaintext password format please add the following in the `auth_opts`:
```
